1.  Search for all read/recv/write/send on a socket and check that,
    if an error is returned, the client is removed, Search for all
    read/recv/write/send on a socket and check that, if an error
    is returned, the client is removed

2.  Search for all read/recv/write/send and check if the returned
    value is correctly checked (checking only -1 or 0 values is not
    enough, both should be checked).


(se que para el recv se cierran los clientes y que sea como sea se
hace despues de la funcion send, ahora si me preocupa la gestion de los
errores en el send pues al parecer debe hacerse algo si da 0 o -1, leyendo
esto puede ocurrir si el buffer de salida se estalla o si se pierde la conexion
no se que accion a parte de cerrar el socket cliente valdria la pena hacer.)

3.  The project must compile without any re-link issue. If not, use the
    'Invalid compilation' flag.

(retomare la revision del makefile para asegurarme de no tener problemas de
compilacion, pues siento que a veces pasan cosas raras)

4.  Setup default error page (try to change the error 404).

(es algo que deberemos hacer durante la correccion)Port issues
In the configuration file setup multiple ports and use different websites. Use the browser
to ensure that the configuration works as expected and shows the right website.
In the configuration, try to setup the same port multiple times. It should not work.
Launch multiple servers at the same time with different configurations but with common ports.
Does it work? If it does, ask why the server should work if one of the configurations isn't
functional. Keep going.

5.  Using telnet, curl, prepared files, demonstrate that the following
    features work properly:

    GET, POST and DELETE requests should work.
    UNKNOWN requests should not result in a crash.
    For every test you should receive the appropriate status code.
    Upload some file to the server and get it back.

6.  Pay attention to the following:

    The server is working fine using a CGI.

    The CGI should be run in the correct directory for relative path file access.

    With the help of the students you should check that everything is working
    properly. You have to test the CGI with the "GET" and "POST" methods.

    You need to test with files containing errors to see if the error handling
    works properly. You can use a script containing an infinite loop or an error;
    you are free to do whatever tests you want within the limits of acceptability
    that remain at your discretion. The group being evaluated should help you
    with this.

    The server should never crash and an error should be visible in case of a
    problem.

(me intriga lo de los paths relativos, como testeamos con post y get methods?
y me intriga tambien el test con scripts que loopeen al infinito o tengan errores
en parte por que no se como controlar eso con execve)

7.  From the browser

    Try to list a directory.
    Try a redirected URL.

(try to list a directory tiene que ver con el autoindex? como se gestionan
las redirecciones?)

8.  Port issues
    In the configuration file setup multiple ports and use different websites.
    Use the browser to ensure that the configuration works as expected and shows
    the right website.

    In the configuration, try to setup the same port multiple times. It should
    not work.

    Launch multiple servers at the same time with different configurations but
    with common ports. Does it work? If it does, ask why the server should work
    if one of the configurations isn't functional. Keep going.


A server may send a Content-Length header field in a 304 (Not Modified) response to a conditional GET request (Section 4.1 of [RFC7232]); a server must not send Content-Length in such a response unless its field-value equals the decimal number of octets that would have been sent in the payload body of a 200 (OK) response to the same request.

Setup a list of methods accepted for a certain route (e.g., try to delete something with and without permission).

UNKNOWN requests should not result in a crash.

Agregar redirect a config

Agregar hostname